c:\users\joão\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Metro TG2\Metro TG2\bin\Debug\Metro TG2.exe.config
c:\users\joão\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Metro TG2\Metro TG2\bin\Debug\Metro TG2.exe
c:\users\joão\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Metro TG2\Metro TG2\bin\Debug\Metro TG2.pdb
c:\users\joão\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Metro TG2\Metro TG2\obj\Debug\Metro_TG2.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\joão\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Metro TG2\Metro TG2\obj\Debug\Metro TG2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\joão\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Metro TG2\Metro TG2\obj\Debug\Metro TG2.exe
c:\users\joão\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Metro TG2\Metro TG2\obj\Debug\Metro TG2.pdb
c:\users\joão\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Metro TG2\Metro TG2\obj\Debug\Metro TG2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\joão\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Metro TG2\Metro TG2\obj\Debug\Metro_TG2.main.resources
c:\users\joão\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Metro TG2\Metro TG2\obj\Debug\Metro_TG2.ESTIG.resources
c:\users\joão\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Metro TG2\Metro TG2\obj\Debug\Metro_TG2.ESE.resources
C:\Users\João\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Metro TG2\Metro TG2\obj\Debug\Metro_TG2.ESA.resources
C:\Users\João\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Metro TG2\Metro TG2\obj\Debug\Metro_TG2.ESS.resources
C:\Users\João\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Metro TG2\Metro TG2\obj\Debug\Metro_TG2.Aluno.resources
C:\Users\João\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Metro TG2\Metro TG2\obj\Debug\Metro_TG2.Login.resources
C:\Users\João\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Metro TG2\Metro TG2\obj\Debug\Metro_TG2.Docente.resources
C:\Users\João\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Metro TG2\Metro TG2\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Design.dll
C:\Users\João\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Metro TG2\Metro TG2\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.dll
C:\Users\João\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Metro TG2\Metro TG2\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Fonts.dll
C:\Users\João\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Metro TG2\Metro TG2\obj\Debug\Metro_TG2.Inscrição.resources
C:\Users\João\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Metro TG2\Metro TG2\obj\Debug\Metro_TG2.Consulta.resources
